
suitable for dogs from 5lbs to 140 lbs：适用于5磅至140磅的狗狗
冲击：Impact

 3 Training Modes, Beep, Vibration and Shock,：3种训练模式，提示音、振动和冲击、
beep mode：哔哔声
vibration mode：振动
shock mode：冲击
dog training collar：训练狗的项圈
1500ft remote range：1500英尺距离
wearable lanyard：可穿戴式吊绳
You can easily train your dog：您可以很轻松的训练您的狗狗

防水、可让您的狗狗在雨中、海边愉快的玩耍：Waterproof, allows your dog to play happily in the rain and at the beach



标题：宠物狗止吠训练项圈  带遥控-远程距离高达1500英尺 3种训练模式 哔哔声、振动和冲击、
适用于小型、中型、大型狗狗的项圈

Pet Dog Stop Bark Training Collar with Remote Control-Remote Distance up to 1500 feet   3 Training Modes, Beep, Vibration and Shock, Collar for small, medium and large dogs


这款训练项圈可以帮助宠物主人成功的训练狗狗，用来纠正吠叫、行走、皮带训练、坐着、攻击性和其他行为服从。3种训练模式可调节：哔哔声，振动和冲击，有1-16级振动和冲击可调。狗的不良行为可以通过不同的训练模式来纠正。项圈接收器和遥控器均可在1.5小时内充满电。

This training collar can help pet owners successfully train their dogs for barking, walking, leash training, sitting, aggression and other behavioral obedience. 3 training modes are adjustable: beep, vibration and shock, with 1-16 levels of vibration and shock adjustable. The dog's bad behavior can be corrected by different training modes. Both the collar receiver and the remote control can be fully charged in 1.5 hours.


五点描述：1、遥控操作：我们的训练项圈可以远程操作，范围高达1500英尺，您可以在院子和海边轻松训练您的狗。
Remotely Operated- Our training collars can be operated remotely with a range of up to 1500 feet, so you can easily train your dog in your yard and at the beach.
2、3种训练模式：哔哔声、振动和冲击有1-16级振动和冲击可调，狗的不良行为可以通过不同的训练模式来纠正。
3 training modes- beep, vibration and shock have 1-16 levels of vibration and shock adjustable, the dog's bad behavior can be corrected by different training modes.
3、可调节项圈：项圈的带子可调节，适用于小型、中型、大型犬，安装项圈时请确保它不会太紧或太松，避免脱落。
Adjustable collar- The collar has adjustable straps for small, medium and large dogs. When installing the collar, please make sure it is not too tight or too loose to avoid falling off.
4、USB充电：接收器和遥控器均可在1.5小时内充满电。（注意：首次使用前请为产品充电。）
USB charging- Both the receiver and the remote control can be fully charged within 1.5 hours. (Note: Please charge the product before first use.)
5、我们的项圈可以通过安全有效的训练方法让我们的狗狗养成良好的行为习惯。
Our collars allow our dogs to develop good behavioral habits through safe and effective training methods.
关键词：
shock collar for large dog
dog collar
dog shock collar with remote
dog training collar
dog training collar with remote
training collar for dogs
ecollar dog training collar
shock collar for medium dogs
shock collar for small dogs


【3种训练模式和16级可调】狗训练项圈有3种安全训练模式：哔哔声，振动和冲击，有1-16级振动和冲击可调。狗的不良行为可以通过不同的训练模式来纠正。建议使用声音模式来训练我们的狗，减少使用冲击模式。
